c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\bin\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.exe.config
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\bin\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.exe
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\bin\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.pdb
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Form1.resources
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.exe
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.pdb
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Dashbaord.resources
c:\users\jokerhacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Manage_Employees.resources
C:\Users\JokerHacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Employee_Edit.resources
C:\Users\JokerHacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Create_Dataset.resources
C:\Users\JokerHacker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Loading_Screen.resources
C:\Users\JokerHacker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Trainning.resources
C:\Users\JokerHacker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Attendance_Report.resources
C:\Users\JokerHacker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Interop.InteropExtensionLib.dll
C:\Users\JokerHacker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\JokerHacker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Loading.resources
C:\Users\JokerHacker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Verify_Face.resources
C:\Users\JokerHacker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.face_verification.resources
C:\Users\JokerHacker\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Settings.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\bin\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.exe.config
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Interop.InteropExtensionLib.dll
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.exe
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.pdb
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\bin\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.exe
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\bin\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.pdb
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Attendance_Report.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Create_Dataset.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Dashbaord.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Employee_Edit.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.face_verification.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Form1.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Loading.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Loading_Screen.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Manage_Employees.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Settings.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Trainning.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.Verify_Face.resources
C:\Users\GR-Instructor\Desktop\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\Management_Auto_Attendance_System\obj\Debug\Management_Auto_Attendance_System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
